Feature/API-6209 queue transfers update (#683)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/customer-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- There are new methods: **Get Customer** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#get-customer) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#get-customer)), **Accept Greeting** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#accept-greeting) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#accept-greeting)), **Cancel Greeting** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#cancel-greeting) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#cancel-greeting)), **List License Properties** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#list-license-properties)), **List Group Properties** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#list-group-properties)), **List Threads** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#list-threads) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#list-threads)).
- There are new pushes: [`incoming_greeting`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#incoming_greeting), [`greeting_accepted`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#greeting_accepted), and [`greeting_canceled`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#greeting_canceled).

> - There's a new push [`queue_position_updated`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#queue_position_updated) with updated position and wait time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's a new push [`queue_position_updated`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#queue_position_updated) with an updated queue position and wait time.
```

- Method **List Chats** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#list-chats) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#list-chats)) is paginated with `page_id` now.
- The [Login](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#login) method was extended with the application info.
- The **Get Chat Threads** method evolved into **Get Chat** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#get-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#get-chat)). It now allows to retrieve a chat containing a particular thread. It also changed its shape; it no longer contains the `order` field and the `chat` key.
- There's a new field `queue` in the [**Thread**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/#threads) data structure.
- There's a new field `requester_id` in [`incoming_chat`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#incoming_chat).

> - [`chat_transferred`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#chat_transferred) push is no longer tied directly to **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)), can now be generated when the transfer is implicit e.g. the agents are reassigned due to their inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chat_transferred`](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#chat_transferred) push is no longer tied directly to **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)). Now, it can be generated when the transfer is implicit, for example, agents are reassigned due to their inactivity.
```

- There're new fields, `thread_id`, `reason`, `queue` and `transferred_to` in `chat_transferred`.

> - `requester_id` in `chat_transferred` is now optional and will be present only when `reason` is `manual`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `requester_id` field in the `chat_transferred` push is now optional and will be present only when `reason` is `manual`.
```

- Method **Send Event** now returns only `event_id` instead of the whole [Event data structure](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#events).
- Method **Start Chat** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#start-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-reference/#start-chat)) now returns only `chat_id`, `thread_id` and optionally `event_ids` if requested. It used to return the whole Chat data structure.
- Method **Activate Chat** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#activate-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-reference/#activate-chat)) now returns only `thread_id` and optionally `event_ids` if requested. It used to return the whole Chat data structure.

> -badum tss

Reviewer: I'm putting a flag here to remove it before we merge :D
